---
layout: post
title: 'Favorites from 2023'
date: '2024-01-25T00:00:00-05:00'
tags:
- bestof
- music
- albums
- movies
- tv
- '2023'
---

Way back in the day, I used to catalog my favorite albums of the year. Well, I'm getting back at it, but this time, I'm spicing things up by including movies and TV shows too. Check out my favorite picks from 2023!

---

## 💿 Albums

1. **V - Unknown Mortal Orchestra**
2. **Nothing Strange - Tropics**
3. **Cartwheel - Hotline TNT**
4. **Higher - Chris Stapleton**
5. **Bunny - Beach Fossils**

_**Honorable Mention:**  
Blondshell - Blondshell, Desire, I Want to Turn Into You - Caroline Polachek, GUTS - Olivia Rodrigo, Hold - Wild Nothing, Lahai - Sampha, Quaranta - Danny Brown, That! Feels Good! - Jessie Ware_

2023 was a decent and eclectic year in music for me. I re-listened to ~25 albums to get this list in order. Seems like that #5 spot was largely up for grabs. _Caroline Polachek_ and _Jessie Ware_ were super close, even _Olivia Rodrigo_ could slot in there. _Unknown Mortal Orchestra_ ended up with the 2023 belt for me, but _Tropics_ came on with a super strong album that hits every time I put it on. _Beach Fossils_ surprised me for sure, I always liked their stuff, but I didn't think they had an album of this caliber in them.

---

## 🍿Movies

1. **Talk to Me**
2. **Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse**
3. **Oppenheimer**
4. **Creed III**
5. **Barbie**

_**Honorable Mention:**  
BlackBerry, Air, Leave the World Behind, Ferrari, Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning_

_Talk to Me_ takes the top for me; it was so fun to watch. Otherwise, _Spider-Verse_ was awesome (though not as good as the first IMO) and _Oppenheimer_ was super interesting and a technical marvel (the Wikipedia movie king in a year full of them). I did miss out on seeing _Godzilla Minus One_ and _Iron Claw_, so I reserve judgment there. And a lot of the Oscars nominations are not speaking to me this year, so not a ton of overlap (although _The Holdovers_ and _Poor Thing_ are on my list). Any of those four could snag the 4 or 5 spot; I'm not as attached to those.

---

## 📺 Television

1. **The Bear S2**
2. **Succession S3**
3. **Barry S4**
4. **Beef S1**
5. **How to with John Wilson S3**

_**Honorable Mention:**  
Hijack S1, Platonic S1, Shrinking S1, Silo S1, Star Wars Visions S2, The Last of Us S1_

These feel pretty chalk with the exception of _How To_ (just too good to leave off). _The Bear_ is simply the best thing on TV, _Succession_ was captivating all season long, and _Barry S4_ landed the plane beautifully. I’m excited that almost all honorable mentions are opening seasons and hoping we get some good stuff from them in the future.
