---
layout: post
title: 'Favorites from 2025'
date: '2025-01-30T00:00:00-05:00'
tags:
- bestof
- music
- albums
- movies
- tv
- '2025'
---

Back at it! Here are my favorite albums, movies, and television shows from 2025:

---

## 💿 Albums

1. El Michels Affair - 24 Hr Sports
1. Matt Wilde - Find a Way
1. GoGo Penguin - Necessary Fictions
1. Racing Mount Pleasant - Racing Mount Pleasant
1. Sven Wunder - Daybreak
1. Balu Brigada - Portal
1. The Circling Sun - Orbits

**Honorable Mention:**
*Jack Shields & The Mojave Rush - Cherry Pick the Past, Wednesday - Bleeds, Theo Croker - Dream Manifest, Blondshell - If You Asked For A Picture, sombr - I Barely Know Her*

Music was especially weird and hard to figure out this year. A lot of albums I really liked didn't stick with me over time, so these are the ones that really held up after multiple listens.

---

## 🍿 Movies

1. Sinners
1. Black Bag
1. 28 Years Later
1. Marty Supreme
1. Weapons

**Honorable Mention:**
*Bugonia, Warfare*

Good year for movies! I didn't see as many as I would have liked, but there were a lot of great ones in the mix. As of this writing, I still haven't seen One Battle After Another or No Other Choice, both of which I'm super excited to check out. Maybe they make the list in an edit!

---

## 📺 Television

1. Star Wars: Andor S2
1. The Pitt S1
1. The Rehearsal S1
1. Adolescence
1. Task S1

**Honorable Mention:**
*The Studio S1, Dept Q S1*

Television had an insane top end this year. There were so many good shows. And then kind of a drop-off (at least for what I saw). A quick turnaround for follow-up seasons would be much appreciated (The Pitt already picking up where it left off with S2!).
